when would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

to use as a central repository for when using multiple computers and have multiple users working on the same project.
this also allows you to be mobile. working anywhere that as an internet connection a be able to sync.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Same reason you dont want automatic saves done locally. you dont want random saves here and there which are hard to track
and use. you want to save when it make sense at a particular milestone or a group of changes.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

forks are similar to clones of your or someone else's repository on github. you do this to 1) make changes but dont have permissions or 2) create a fork so that your repository remains untouched but others can modify their own.
branches are created in your exisitng local so that you can work on an off-shoot of an idea, or you wish to try/change something without effecting your current files. when you want to make a copy locally or of a remote repository for you to work on, you clone. this becomes a separate repository where you can modify as desired.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

you can see the differences, and know what you could work on. this helps in variuous situations such as traveling, or want to have a local copy for some reason.

how would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easeir, and what would be harder?

without git or another tool, collaboration would involve keeping track via email and/or taking notes. perhaps even storing a "what changed" file in a directory. This would not involve setting up a github account or creating a git repository. however tracking and making different versions would be a hassle. on large scale projects this would become a real mess quickly.


 
